docs(GiniCaptureSDK) (#38)
gini/gini-capture-sdk-ios: Documentation/Sections/Documentation.md

**Deprecation Notice**
 ----------------------

Development of the Gini Capture SDK for iOS will be continued in 
[new repository for Gini Capture SDK](https://github.com/gini/capture-sdk-ios) and
[new repository for Gini Capture SDK Pinning](https://github.com/gini/capture-sdk-pinning-ios).

> The first public version of the Gini Capture SDK as a swift package would be 1.1.0 ([1.0.7](https://github.com/gini/gini-capture-sdk-ios/releases/tag/1.0.7) is the latest version that we released for CocoaPods).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No new versions will be released using CocoaPods. We kindly ask you to update to the [version](https://github.com/gini/gini-mobile-ios/releases/tag/GiniCaptureSDK%3B1.1.0) available as a swift package.
```

> A few breaking changes were necessary, but these are easy to fix. You can find the steps in this 
> [migration guide](https://developer.gini.net/gini-mobile-ios/GiniCaptureSDK/migration-guide.html).

Reviewer: Reading this I noticed, that the migration guide contains no breaking changes related to the integration. The only change is that swift package manager has to be used.
```suggestion
You can find the steps needed to switch to swift package manager in this [migration guide](https://developer.gini.net/gini-mobile-ios/GiniCaptureSDK/migration-guide.html).
```
